docs(sdk): Add sentry.span_group develop docs (#17277)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/telemetry/spans/span-groups.mdx

---
title: Span Groups
---

<Alert level="info">
  This document uses key words such as "MUST", "SHOULD", and "MAY" as defined
  in [RFC 2119](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt) to indicate requirement
  levels.
</Alert>

> Span groups provide logical grouping of spans that can cross trace boundaries. While traces represent a single causal chain of operations, span groups connect spans that share a logical relationship — such as belonging to the same AI conversation or user session — even when those spans live in different traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Span groups let you logically group spans across different traces. While a trace represents a single chain of operations, a span group connects spans that share a logical relationship—like being part of the same AI conversation or user session—even if they live in separate traces.
```
